# ECO304 Website

Interactive material to aid students in the course ECO304 "Introduction to Empirical Economics" at the University of Saskatchewan.

Table of Contents:
- [ECO304 Website](#eco304-website)
  - [Animations](#animations)
  - [Glossary](#glossary)
  - [Grade Calculator](#grade-calculator)
  - [Question Generator](#question-generator)
  - [Visualizations](#visualizations)



## Animations

This section of the webpage shows short animated videos of different statistical concepts found in the course. Examples of included concepts are Sampling from the Data Generating Process, Discrete and Continuous Expectations, etc.

## Glossary

Within the glossary page, a vast number of course concepts are defined and explicitely explained. These explanations were generated by the [ChatGPT conversation AI](chat.openai.com) and are subject to any imprecisions introduced. These explanations shoulde only be used for a high-level understanding of course concepts.


## Grade Calculator

On this page, students are able to input their received grade on course material and get an estimation of their course grade using the syllabus grading scheme. Note, this calculator will not consider any grade transformations that are required on course material.


## Question Generator

Students are able to generate data for sample questions regarding calculations introduced within the course. This is meant to serve as simply a helper tool for generating rational sample data with ease.

## Visualizations

Here the student can interact with and generate their own visualizations of specific course concepts such as the central limit theorem, law of large numbers, etc.





